He's not me, he's the only daughter in the night market
Now that you all know, I'll tell the truth
Dreaming that you are addicted to pretending to be a eldest lady, right?
This is my boyfriend's house. Put away your set.
Pardon me?
I don't understand, shameless.
Why are you acting like a shrew now?
Zhiyuan, you guessed wrong.
The real lady is me
It's all changed, so strange
I used to know that sincere and kind girl
Have you been deceived by this woman?
I said I lied to women
Very scheming
I have always been the original Ye Qiuyan
It's all your will
Did you really love me?
Why do you just
It's so easy to believe what others say
Stop yelling shut up
So
Are you going to abandon me to be with him now?
Although you lied
But I still have some feelings for you
Look at my stupid son
You lied so hard
Don't worry.
I don't care.
But deceived
I remember one more thing
I don't know if I should say
Auntie is here
Call nephew
Last time I went to Shengshi for dinner
I saw him arguing with the boss of Shengshi
I saw him at the villa afterwards
What moon man you cuckold me